Psalm 50
Psalm 50 a psalm of
Lord who may abide in your tabernacle
Lord who may abide in your tabernacle who may dwell in your holy hill EU walks
who may dwell in your holy hill EU walks
who may dwell in your holy hill EU walks uprightly and works righteousness and
uprightly and works righteousness and
uprightly and works righteousness and speaks the truth in his heart he who
speaks the truth in his heart he who
speaks the truth in his heart he who does not backbite with his tongue nor
does not backbite with his tongue nor
does not backbite with his tongue nor does evil to his neighbor nor does he
does evil to his neighbor nor does he
does evil to his neighbor nor does he take up a reproach against his friend in
take up a reproach against his friend in
take up a reproach against his friend in whose eyes a vile person is despised but
whose eyes a vile person is despised but
whose eyes a vile person is despised but he honors those who fear the Lord he who
he honors those who fear the Lord he who
he honors those who fear the Lord he who swears to his own hurt and does not
swears to his own hurt and does not
swears to his own hurt and does not change he who does not put out his money
change he who does not put out his money
change he who does not put out his money at usury nor does he take a bribe
at usury nor does he take a bribe
at usury nor does he take a bribe against the innocent he who does these
against the innocent he who does these
against the innocent he who does these things shall never be moved
you
you [Music]